we are going to be in New York next week
we have five shows from the Brooklyn
Academy of Music and we applied a lineup
of guests Eddie Murphy Bruce Springsteen
Bernie Sanders John Krasinski Benedict
Cumberbatch Kelly Ripa Alicia Keys and
we have a lot of surprises too but
before we hit the road I sent an
emissary so this is a you see the route
of the Gare mobile is making its second
to final stop in Philadelphia tonight at
a very special place Bob and Barbara's
lounge there and
Guillermo are you dancing are you sad
that the bus trip is almost over Jimmy
I've been in the mosque for 16 I feel
like it was two years yeah so Bob and
Barbara's is a legendary bar in
Philadelphia it's home to the
longest-running drag show in
Philadelphia which just happens to take
place on Thursday night so we sent
Guillermo their gear have you ever been
to a drag show before no TVs in my first
time let's meet some of your new friends
if we could all right intra please
introduce us
hi everybody how you doing what's
happening how's it going all right there
well hi there what's your name I'm Lisa
hi Lisa how are you you run the show you
run the show correct of course I run the
show here and how long has this show
been happening how many years five years
25 years Wow by the way I want everybody
go through and just introduce yourselves
real quickly
all right next I missed America 2020
superior kiss aw all right hi I'm lady
geisha stratton okay hi i'm karen vine
say hi i'm cristal electro
philadelphia's pink impersonator I'm
Tina Montgomery Philadelphia supreme
diva
hi I'm Natasha your current reigning
Miss bobbing Barbara's 2020
hello Jimmy I'm your DJ solana T how are
you step forward so we can really get
your gear Moana so we can take it in
Ginny
you look like you look more like the air
more than Guillermo right now I'm his
brother sister you know normally your
mustache is starting to come off on it
yeah just illusion is there any special
and you have to do anything special with
out-of-towners when they come to visit
well you know they come and I bring up
on stage and I have them perform all
right well you got an out-of-towner
right there why don't you bring all him
up on stage we gotta see right now come
on all right
[Applause]
we need some music here most resonate
home but we have a name
what is his dressing I'm gonna give you
fajita hey we're from Bob and Barbara's
loud yes we'll see you in work with
fajita if you liked that video click
Subscribe and we'll be together until
one of us dies